README.md, before:

# Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree
## Introductory Project: Diagonal Sudoku Solver

# Question 1 (Naked Twins)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the naked twins problem?  
A: *Student should provide answer here*

# Question 2 (Diagonal Sudoku)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the diagonal sudoku problem?  
A: *Student should provide answer here*

### Install

This project requires **Python 3**.

We recommend students install [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads), a pre-packaged Python distribution that contains all of the necessary libraries and software for this project. 
Please try using the environment we provided in the Anaconda lesson of the Nanodegree.

##### Optional: Pygame

Optionally, you can also install pygame if you want to see your visualization. If you've followed our instructions for setting up our conda environment, you should be all set.

If not, please see how to download pygame [here](http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml).

### Code

* `solutions.py` - You'll fill this in as part of your solution.
* `solution_test.py` - Do not modify this. You can test your solution by running `python solution_test.py`.
* `PySudoku.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.
* `visualize.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.

### Visualizing

To visualize your solution, please only assign values to the values_dict using the ```assign_values``` function provided in solution.py

### Data

The data consists of a text file of diagonal sudokus for you to solve.

Commit message:

sudoku solver, Naked Twin Stretagy, added diagonal units

README.md, after:

# Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree
## Introductory Project: Diagonal Sudoku Solver

# Question 1 (Naked Twins)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the naked twins problem?  
A: The constraint is defined as: If two values are locked in the two specific boxes, there is no other box in the same unit that will have the same two values. 
In Naked Twins Stretagy, by using this constraint, we can elimate the aforementioned two values from other boxes in the same unit using constraint propagation. 
In constraint propagation, reduce_puzzle() method, we can add nakedTwins method in addition to eliminate() and only_choice().

# Question 2 (Diagonal Sudoku)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the diagonal sudoku problem?  
A: Constraint propagation such as eliminate(), only_choice() and naked_Twins() are used to solve for row units, column units and square units. In this problem, diagonal units are added to the unit list along with the previous units for the constrain propagation (reduce_puzzle())

### Install

This project requires **Python 3**.

We recommend students install [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads), a pre-packaged Python distribution that contains all of the necessary libraries and software for this project. 
Please try using the environment we provided in the Anaconda lesson of the Nanodegree.

##### Optional: Pygame

Optionally, you can also install pygame if you want to see your visualization. If you've followed our instructions for setting up our conda environment, you should be all set.

If not, please see how to download pygame [here](http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml).

### Code

* `solutions.py` - You'll fill this in as part of your solution.
* `solution_test.py` - Do not modify this. You can test your solution by running `python solution_test.py`.
* `PySudoku.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.
* `visualize.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.

### Visualizing

To visualize your solution, please only assign values to the values_dict using the ```assign_values``` function provided in solution.py

### Data

The data consists of a text file of diagonal sudokus for you to solve.
